DOCS-160 - Fix error in tpa upgrades section (#5345)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/upgrades/tpa_overview.mdx

---

!!! Note No Postgres major version upgrades
TPA doesn't currently support major version upgrades of Postgres. 

To perform a major version upgrade of Postgres, see [In-place Postgres major version upgrades](bdr_pg_upgrade).
!!!

If you used TPA to install your cluster, you can also use TPA to upgrade it. The techniques outlined here can perform minor and major version upgrades of the PGD software. They can also perform minor version upgrades of Postgres. 

You can read more about the capabilities of TPA upgrades in [Upgrading your cluster](/tpa/latest/tpaexec-upgrade/) in the TPA documentation.

!!! Warning Always test first
If possible, always test upgrade processes in a QA environment first. This should help ensure that there are no unexpected factors that should be taken into account. TPA's ability to reproducibly deploy a PGD configuration makes it much easier to build a test environment to work with.
!!!

## Minor and major PGD upgrades

TPA automatically manages minor version upgrades of PGD.

> Major version upgrades of PGD will require changes to the TPA `config.yml` file, which contains the deployment configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Major version upgrades of PGD requires changes to the TPA `config.yml` file, which contains the deployment configuration. 
```

> When upgrading to PGD 5 from previous PGD major versions, you can use [`tpaexec reconfigure`](/tpa/latest/reference/tpaexec-reconfigure/). This command will help you make appropriate modifications to your deployment configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When upgrading to PGD 5 from previous PGD major versions, you can use [`tpaexec reconfigure`](/tpa/latest/reference/tpaexec-reconfigure/). This command helps you make appropriate modifications to your deployment configuration. 
```

> The `reconfigure` command will require settings for architecture (only `PGD_Always_ON` and PGD Proxy routing to run. Remember to back up your deployment configuration before running, and use the `--describe` and `--output` options to preview the reconfiguration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `reconfigure` command requires settings for architecture (only `PGD_Always_ON` and PGD Proxy routing to run. Remember to back up your deployment configuration before running, and use the `--describe` and `--output` options to preview the reconfiguration. 
```

Where **clustername** is the name of the cluster and the path to the cluster configuration directory. By default, TPA will upgrade each node of the cluster to the latest minor versions of the software the nodes were configured with.

## TPA's automated rolling upgrade procedure

> TPA will first test the cluster and then the nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TPA first tests the cluster and then the nodes. 
```
